#A plaine exposition vpon the whole thirteenth, fourteenth, fifteenth, and sixteenth chapters of the Epistle of Saint Paul to the Romanes Wherein the text is diligently and methodically resolued, the sense giuen, and many doctrines thence gathered, are by liuely vses applied for the benefit of Gods children. Performed with much varietie, and conuenient breuitie, by Elnathan Parr Bachelor in Diuinity, and preacher of Gods word. To which is prefixed an alphabeticall table, containing the chiefe points and doctrines handled in the booke.#

##Parr, Elnathan, d. 1622.##
A plaine exposition vpon the whole thirteenth, fourteenth, fifteenth, and sixteenth chapters of the Epistle of Saint Paul to the Romanes Wherein the text is diligently and methodically resolued, the sense giuen, and many doctrines thence gathered, are by liuely vses applied for the benefit of Gods children. Performed with much varietie, and conuenient breuitie, by Elnathan Parr Bachelor in Diuinity, and preacher of Gods word. To which is prefixed an alphabeticall table, containing the chiefe points and doctrines handled in the booke.
Parr, Elnathan, d. 1622.

##General Summary##

**Links**

[TCP catalogue](http://www.ota.ox.ac.uk/tcp/)  • 
[HTML](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-HTML/free/B15/B15167.html)  • 
[EPUB](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-EPUB/free/B15/B15167.epub) • 
[Page images (Historical Texts)](https://historicaltexts.jisc.ac.uk/eebo-99849305e)

**Availability**

To the extent possible under law, the Text Creation Partnership has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this keyboarded and encoded edition of the work described above, according to the terms of the CC0 1.0 Public Domain Dedication (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/). This waiver does not extend to any page images or other supplementary files associated with this work, which may be protected by copyright or other license restrictions. Please go to https://www.textcreationpartnership.org/ for more information about the project.

**Major revisions**

1. __2014-01__ __TCP__ *Assigned for keying and markup*
1. __2014-01__ __SPi Global__ *Keyed and coded from ProQuest page images*
1. __2014-02__ __Brian Matzke__ *Sampled and proofread*
1. __2014-02__ __Brian Matzke__ *Text and markup reviewed and edited*
1. __2014-03__ __pfs__ *Batch review (QC) and XML conversion*

##Content Summary##

#####Front#####
A PLAINE EXPOSITION vpon the whole thirteenth, fourteenth, fifteenth, and ſixteenth Chapters of the SIR;MAy it pleaſe you once again to giue me leaue to Grace my labours with your Noble name, which ſhMADAME;AS is the bountie of the Giuer, ſo in Iuſtice ought to bee the Acknowledgment of the receiuer
1. TO THE VERY NOBLE, RELIGIOVS, AND MOST WORTHY, Maſter Nathaniel Bacon, ESQVIRE: and The Lady Iane Cornwalleys, his WIFE: Grace and Peace be multiplyed from God the Father, and from our Lord IESVS CHRIST.
SIR;MAy it pleaſe you once again to giue me leaue to Grace my labours with your Noble name, which ſhMADAME;AS is the bountie of the Giuer, ſo in Iuſtice ought to bee the Acknowledgment of the receiuer
1. TO THE CHRISTIAN READER, increaſe of Peace and Loue.
SIR;MAy it pleaſe you once again to giue me leaue to Grace my labours with your Noble name, which ſhMADAME;AS is the bountie of the Giuer, ſo in Iuſtice ought to bee the Acknowledgment of the receiuer
1. THE TABLE.
SIR;MAy it pleaſe you once again to giue me leaue to Grace my labours with your Noble name, which ſhMADAME;AS is the bountie of the Giuer, ſo in Iuſtice ought to bee the Acknowledgment of the receiuer
1. The Scriptures that are expounded by the way.
SIR;MAy it pleaſe you once again to giue me leaue to Grace my labours with your Noble name, which ſhMADAME;AS is the bountie of the Giuer, ſo in Iuſtice ought to bee the Acknowledgment of the receiuerTHE DOCTRINES OF THE Thirteenth Chapter.Doct. 1 THat all that liue vnder any ciuill gouernement muſtSIR;MAy it pleaſe you once again to giue me leaue to Grace my labours with your Noble name, which ſhMADAME;AS is the bountie of the Giuer, ſo in Iuſtice ought to bee the Acknowledgment of the receiuer
#####Body#####
A PLAINE EXPOSITION VPON THE THIRTEENTH CHAPTER OF THE EPISTLE OF Saint PAVL to the Romanes.IN the t
    _ A PLAINE EXPOSITION VPON THE THIRTEENTH CHAPTER OF THE EPISTLE OF Saint PAVL to the Romanes.
VERSE 1. Let euery ſoule be ſubiect to the higher Powers:—IN the latter end of the twelfth Chapter hVERSE 1.—For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God.IN theſe words is VERSE 2. Whoſoeuer therefore reſiſteth the Power, reſiſteth the ordinance of God: and they that reſi
      * 4. For he is the Miniſter of God to thee for good.
VERSE 4. — But if thou doe that which is euill, be afraid: For he beareth not the ſword in vaine: FoVERSE 5. Wherefore yee muſt needs bee ſubiect, not onely for wrath, but alſo for conſcience.IN this VERSE 6. For, for this cauſe pay you tribute alſo: For they are Gods Miniſters attending continuallyVERSE 7. Render therefore to all their dues, tribute to whom tribute is due, cuſtome to whom cuſtomeVERSE 8. Owe no man any thing, but to loue one another.—IN this and the two next Verſes following, iVERSE 8.—For he that loueth another, hath fulfilled the Law.MAſter Caluin ſaith, That theſe words arVERSE. 9. For this, Thou ſhalt not commit adulterie, Thou ſhalt not kill, Thou ſhalt not ſteale, ThoVERSE 10. Loue worketh no ill to his neighbour: therefore is loue the fulfilling of the law.THis verVERSE 11. And that knowing the time, that now it is high time to awake out of ſleepe: for now is ourVERSE 12. The night is farre ſpent, the day is at hand: Let vs therefore caſt off the workes of darkVERSE 12. — Let vs therefore caſt off the workes of darkneſſe, and let vs put on the Armour of lightVERSE 13. Let vs walke honeſtly as in the day; not in rioting and drunkenneſſe, not in chambering anVERSE—Not in rioting and drunkenneſſe, not in chambering and wantonneſſe, not in ſtrife and enuying.VERSE 13. — Not in chambering and wantonneſſe. —THeſe are the ſecond paire of vices, contrary to temVERSE 13. — Nor in ſtrife and enuying.THis is the third paire: as the ſecond followeth the firſt as VERSE 14. But put yee on the Lord Ieſus Chriſt, and make not prouiſion for the fleſh, to fulfill theVERSE 14. — And make not prouiſion for the fleſh, to fulfill the luſts thereof.THe exhortation to puVERSE 1. Him that is weake in the faith, receiue you, but not to doubtfull disputations.HEre beginneVERSE. 2. For one beleeues he may eat of all things, another who is weake, eates hearbes.IN this verVERSE 3. Let not him that eateth, deſpiſe him that eateth not: and let not him which eateth not, iudVERSE. 3. — For God hath receiued him.IN theſe words, and in the next verſe, are two reaſons to perſVERSE 4. Who art thou that iudgeſt another mansſeruant?—IN this Verſe is the ſecond Reaſon, bred outVERSE 4.—To his owne Maſter he ſtandeth or falleth: yea, hee ſhall be holden vp, For God is able to VERSE. 5. One man eſteemeth one day aboue another; another eſteemeth euery day alike. Let euery man VERSE 6. Hee that regardeth a day, regardeth it vnto the Lord; and hee that regardeth not the day toVERSE 7. For none of vs liueth to himſelfe, and no man dyeth to himſelfe.THis verſe hath another ReaVERSE 8. For whether wee liue, we liue vnto the Lord; or whether we dye, wee dye vnto the Lord: whetVERSE 9. For to this end, Chriſt both died, and roſe, and reuiued, that he might be Lord both of theVERSE 10. But why doeſt thou iudge thy brother? or why doeſt thou ſet at nought thy brother? we ſhalVERSE 11. For it is written: As I liue ſaith the Lord, euery knee ſhall bow to me, and euery tongue VERSE 12. So then euery one of vs ſhall giue account of himſelfe to God.IN this verſe is ſet downe tVERSE 13. Let vs not therefore iudge one another any more: but iudge this rather, that no man put a VERSE 13. — But iudge this rather, that no man put a ſtumbling blocke, or an occaſion to fall, in hiVERSE 14. I know and am perſwaded by the Lord Ieſus, that there is nothing vncleane of it ſelfe: butVERSE 15. But of thy brother be grieued with thy meat, now walk•ſt thou not charitably: Deſtroy not VERSE 15. — Deſtroy not him with thy meat, for whom Chriſt dyed.THe Apoſtle here proues by another AVERSE. 16. Let not then your good be euill ſpoken of.IN this Verſe is another Argument to diſſwade fVERSE 17. For the Kingdome of God, is not meat and drink, but righteouſneſſe, and peace, and ioy in VERSE. 18. For he that in theſe things ſerueth Christ, is acceptable to God, and approued of men.PAVVERSE 19. Let vs therefore follow after the things which make for peace, and things wherewith one maVERSE 20. For meat deſtroy not the worke of God: —HEre is a new argument againſt ſcandall; I call itVERSE 20. —All things indeed are pure, but it is euill for that man which eateth with offence.21. ItVERSE 22. Haſt thou faith? Haue it to thy ſelfe before God. —THe ſecond obiection of the ſtrong is tVERSE 22. — Happy is he which condemneth not himſelfe in that thing which he alloweth.IN theſe wordsVERSE. 23. And hee that doubteth, is damned if hee eate, becauſe he eateth not of faith: For whatſoeVERSE 1. Wee then that are ſtrong, ought to beare the infirmities of the weake, and not to pleaſe ouVERSE 2. Let euery one of vs pleaſe his neighbour for his good to edification.IN this Verſe is a ReaVERSE 3. For euen Chriſt pleaſed not himſelfe, but, as it is written, The reproaches of them which rVERSE 4. For whatſoeuer things were written aforetime, were written for our learning, that we througVERSE 5. Now the God of patience and conſolating grant you to be like minded one towards another, acVERSE 7. Wherefore receiue yee one another, as Chriſt alſo receiued vs to the glory of God.IN this VVERSE 8. Now I ſay that Ieſus Chriſt was a Miniſter of the Circumciſion, for the truth of God, to coVERSE. 9. And that the Gentiles might glorifie God for his mercy, as it is written, For this cauſe IVERSE 13. Now the God of Hope, fill you with all ioy and peace in beleeuing, that yee may abound in VERSE 14. And I myſelfe alſo am perſwaded of you my brethren, that yee alſo are full of goodneſſe, fVERSE 15. Neuertheleſſe, Brethren, I haue written the more boldy vnto you, in ſome ſort, as puting yVERSE 16. That I ſhould be the Miniſter of Ieſus Chriſt to the Gentiles, miniſtring the Goſpell of GVERSE 17. I haue therefore whereof I may glory through Ieſus Christ, in thoſe things which pertaine VERSE 18. — By word, and deed,19. Through mightie ſignes and wonders, by the power of the Spirit of VERSE 19. — So that from Hieruſalem, and round about vnto Illyricum, I haue ſully preached the GoſpeVERSE 22. For which cauſe alſo I haue beene much hindred from comming to you.23. But now hauing no mVERSE 25. But now I goe vnto Hieruſalem to minister vnto the Saints.26. For it hath pleaſed them of VERSE 28. When therefore I haue performed this, and haue ſealed to them this fruit, I will come by yVERSE 30. Now I beſeech you brethren, for the Lord Ieſus Chriſt his ſake, and for the loue of the SpVERSE 1. I commend vnto you Phoebe our ſiſter, which is a ſeruant of the Church which is at CenchreaVERSE 3. Greet Priſcilla and Aquila, my helpers in Chriſt Ieſus.4. (Who haue for my life layd downe VERSE 5. Likewiſe greet the Church which is in their houſe.—SAint Paul ſalutes the houſhold of AquilVERSE 5.—Salute my welbeloued Epenetus, who is the firſt fruits of Achaia vnto Chriſt.EPenetus is heVERSE 6. Greet Mary who beſtowed much labour on vs.MARY here ſaluted, is deſcribed two wayes: firſt VERSE 7. Salute Andronicus and Iunia my kinſmen, and my fellow priſoners, who are of note among the VERSE 8. Greet Amplias my beloued in the Lord.AMplias his commendation is, that hee is beloued of PaVERSE 9. Salute Vrban our helper in Chriſt, and Stachys my beloued.OVr helper in Chriſt, that is, inVERSE 10. Salute Apelles approued in Chriſt. Salute them them which are of Ariſtobulus houſhold.THerVERSE 11. Salute Herodian my kinſman. Greet them which bee of the houſe of Narciſſus, which are in tVERSE 12. Salute Tryphena, and Tryphoſa, who labour in the Lord. Salute the bel•ued Perſis, which laVERSE. 13. Salute Rufus choſen in the Lord, and his mother and mine.CHoſen in the Lord: that is, a cVERSE 14. Salute Aſyncritus, Phlegon, Hermas, Patrobas, Hermes, and the brethren which are with themVERSE 16. Salute one another with an holy kiſſe.—PAul concludeth his owne ſalutations with this precVERSE 16. — The Churches of Chriſt ſalute you.21. Timotheus my worke-fellow, and Lucius, and Iaſon, VERSE 17. Now I beſeech you Brethren, marke them which cauſe diuiſions and offences, contrary to theVERSE 18. For they that are ſuch, ſerue not our Lord Ieſus Christ, but their owne belly, and by goodVERSE 19. For your obedience is come abroad vnto all men: I am glad therefore on your behalfe; but yVERSE 20. And the God of peace ſhall bruiſe Satan vnder your feet ſhortly: The Grace of our Lord IeſVERSE 20. —The grace of our Lord Ieſus Chriſt bee with you, Amen.24. The grace of our Lord Ieſus ChrVERSE 25. Now to him that is of Power to ſtabliſh you according to my Goſpell, and the preaching of 
    _ A PLAINE EXPOSITION VPON THE FOVRTEENTH CHAPTER OF THE EPISTLE OF Saint PAVL to the Romanes.
VERSE 1. Let euery ſoule be ſubiect to the higher Powers:—IN the latter end of the twelfth Chapter hVERSE 1.—For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God.IN theſe words is VERSE 2. Whoſoeuer therefore reſiſteth the Power, reſiſteth the ordinance of God: and they that reſi
      * 4. For he is the Miniſter of God to thee for good.
VERSE 4. — But if thou doe that which is euill, be afraid: For he beareth not the ſword in vaine: FoVERSE 5. Wherefore yee muſt needs bee ſubiect, not onely for wrath, but alſo for conſcience.IN this VERSE 6. For, for this cauſe pay you tribute alſo: For they are Gods Miniſters attending continuallyVERSE 7. Render therefore to all their dues, tribute to whom tribute is due, cuſtome to whom cuſtomeVERSE 8. Owe no man any thing, but to loue one another.—IN this and the two next Verſes following, iVERSE 8.—For he that loueth another, hath fulfilled the Law.MAſter Caluin ſaith, That theſe words arVERSE. 9. For this, Thou ſhalt not commit adulterie, Thou ſhalt not kill, Thou ſhalt not ſteale, ThoVERSE 10. Loue worketh no ill to his neighbour: therefore is loue the fulfilling of the law.THis verVERSE 11. And that knowing the time, that now it is high time to awake out of ſleepe: for now is ourVERSE 12. The night is farre ſpent, the day is at hand: Let vs therefore caſt off the workes of darkVERSE 12. — Let vs therefore caſt off the workes of darkneſſe, and let vs put on the Armour of lightVERSE 13. Let vs walke honeſtly as in the day; not in rioting and drunkenneſſe, not in chambering anVERSE—Not in rioting and drunkenneſſe, not in chambering and wantonneſſe, not in ſtrife and enuying.VERSE 13. — Not in chambering and wantonneſſe. —THeſe are the ſecond paire of vices, contrary to temVERSE 13. — Nor in ſtrife and enuying.THis is the third paire: as the ſecond followeth the firſt as VERSE 14. But put yee on the Lord Ieſus Chriſt, and make not prouiſion for the fleſh, to fulfill theVERSE 14. — And make not prouiſion for the fleſh, to fulfill the luſts thereof.THe exhortation to puVERSE 1. Him that is weake in the faith, receiue you, but not to doubtfull disputations.HEre beginneVERSE. 2. For one beleeues he may eat of all things, another who is weake, eates hearbes.IN this verVERSE 3. Let not him that eateth, deſpiſe him that eateth not: and let not him which eateth not, iudVERSE. 3. — For God hath receiued him.IN theſe words, and in the next verſe, are two reaſons to perſVERSE 4. Who art thou that iudgeſt another mansſeruant?—IN this Verſe is the ſecond Reaſon, bred outVERSE 4.—To his owne Maſter he ſtandeth or falleth: yea, hee ſhall be holden vp, For God is able to VERSE. 5. One man eſteemeth one day aboue another; another eſteemeth euery day alike. Let euery man VERSE 6. Hee that regardeth a day, regardeth it vnto the Lord; and hee that regardeth not the day toVERSE 7. For none of vs liueth to himſelfe, and no man dyeth to himſelfe.THis verſe hath another ReaVERSE 8. For whether wee liue, we liue vnto the Lord; or whether we dye, wee dye vnto the Lord: whetVERSE 9. For to this end, Chriſt both died, and roſe, and reuiued, that he might be Lord both of theVERSE 10. But why doeſt thou iudge thy brother? or why doeſt thou ſet at nought thy brother? we ſhalVERSE 11. For it is written: As I liue ſaith the Lord, euery knee ſhall bow to me, and euery tongue VERSE 12. So then euery one of vs ſhall giue account of himſelfe to God.IN this verſe is ſet downe tVERSE 13. Let vs not therefore iudge one another any more: but iudge this rather, that no man put a VERSE 13. — But iudge this rather, that no man put a ſtumbling blocke, or an occaſion to fall, in hiVERSE 14. I know and am perſwaded by the Lord Ieſus, that there is nothing vncleane of it ſelfe: butVERSE 15. But of thy brother be grieued with thy meat, now walk•ſt thou not charitably: Deſtroy not VERSE 15. — Deſtroy not him with thy meat, for whom Chriſt dyed.THe Apoſtle here proues by another AVERSE. 16. Let not then your good be euill ſpoken of.IN this Verſe is another Argument to diſſwade fVERSE 17. For the Kingdome of God, is not meat and drink, but righteouſneſſe, and peace, and ioy in VERSE. 18. For he that in theſe things ſerueth Christ, is acceptable to God, and approued of men.PAVVERSE 19. Let vs therefore follow after the things which make for peace, and things wherewith one maVERSE 20. For meat deſtroy not the worke of God: —HEre is a new argument againſt ſcandall; I call itVERSE 20. —All things indeed are pure, but it is euill for that man which eateth with offence.21. ItVERSE 22. Haſt thou faith? Haue it to thy ſelfe before God. —THe ſecond obiection of the ſtrong is tVERSE 22. — Happy is he which condemneth not himſelfe in that thing which he alloweth.IN theſe wordsVERSE. 23. And hee that doubteth, is damned if hee eate, becauſe he eateth not of faith: For whatſoeVERSE 1. Wee then that are ſtrong, ought to beare the infirmities of the weake, and not to pleaſe ouVERSE 2. Let euery one of vs pleaſe his neighbour for his good to edification.IN this Verſe is a ReaVERSE 3. For euen Chriſt pleaſed not himſelfe, but, as it is written, The reproaches of them which rVERSE 4. For whatſoeuer things were written aforetime, were written for our learning, that we througVERSE 5. Now the God of patience and conſolating grant you to be like minded one towards another, acVERSE 7. Wherefore receiue yee one another, as Chriſt alſo receiued vs to the glory of God.IN this VVERSE 8. Now I ſay that Ieſus Chriſt was a Miniſter of the Circumciſion, for the truth of God, to coVERSE. 9. And that the Gentiles might glorifie God for his mercy, as it is written, For this cauſe IVERSE 13. Now the God of Hope, fill you with all ioy and peace in beleeuing, that yee may abound in VERSE 14. And I myſelfe alſo am perſwaded of you my brethren, that yee alſo are full of goodneſſe, fVERSE 15. Neuertheleſſe, Brethren, I haue written the more boldy vnto you, in ſome ſort, as puting yVERSE 16. That I ſhould be the Miniſter of Ieſus Chriſt to the Gentiles, miniſtring the Goſpell of GVERSE 17. I haue therefore whereof I may glory through Ieſus Christ, in thoſe things which pertaine VERSE 18. — By word, and deed,19. Through mightie ſignes and wonders, by the power of the Spirit of VERSE 19. — So that from Hieruſalem, and round about vnto Illyricum, I haue ſully preached the GoſpeVERSE 22. For which cauſe alſo I haue beene much hindred from comming to you.23. But now hauing no mVERSE 25. But now I goe vnto Hieruſalem to minister vnto the Saints.26. For it hath pleaſed them of VERSE 28. When therefore I haue performed this, and haue ſealed to them this fruit, I will come by yVERSE 30. Now I beſeech you brethren, for the Lord Ieſus Chriſt his ſake, and for the loue of the SpVERSE 1. I commend vnto you Phoebe our ſiſter, which is a ſeruant of the Church which is at CenchreaVERSE 3. Greet Priſcilla and Aquila, my helpers in Chriſt Ieſus.4. (Who haue for my life layd downe VERSE 5. Likewiſe greet the Church which is in their houſe.—SAint Paul ſalutes the houſhold of AquilVERSE 5.—Salute my welbeloued Epenetus, who is the firſt fruits of Achaia vnto Chriſt.EPenetus is heVERSE 6. Greet Mary who beſtowed much labour on vs.MARY here ſaluted, is deſcribed two wayes: firſt VERSE 7. Salute Andronicus and Iunia my kinſmen, and my fellow priſoners, who are of note among the VERSE 8. Greet Amplias my beloued in the Lord.AMplias his commendation is, that hee is beloued of PaVERSE 9. Salute Vrban our helper in Chriſt, and Stachys my beloued.OVr helper in Chriſt, that is, inVERSE 10. Salute Apelles approued in Chriſt. Salute them them which are of Ariſtobulus houſhold.THerVERSE 11. Salute Herodian my kinſman. Greet them which bee of the houſe of Narciſſus, which are in tVERSE 12. Salute Tryphena, and Tryphoſa, who labour in the Lord. Salute the bel•ued Perſis, which laVERSE. 13. Salute Rufus choſen in the Lord, and his mother and mine.CHoſen in the Lord: that is, a cVERSE 14. Salute Aſyncritus, Phlegon, Hermas, Patrobas, Hermes, and the brethren which are with themVERSE 16. Salute one another with an holy kiſſe.—PAul concludeth his owne ſalutations with this precVERSE 16. — The Churches of Chriſt ſalute you.21. Timotheus my worke-fellow, and Lucius, and Iaſon, VERSE 17. Now I beſeech you Brethren, marke them which cauſe diuiſions and offences, contrary to theVERSE 18. For they that are ſuch, ſerue not our Lord Ieſus Christ, but their owne belly, and by goodVERSE 19. For your obedience is come abroad vnto all men: I am glad therefore on your behalfe; but yVERSE 20. And the God of peace ſhall bruiſe Satan vnder your feet ſhortly: The Grace of our Lord IeſVERSE 20. —The grace of our Lord Ieſus Chriſt bee with you, Amen.24. The grace of our Lord Ieſus ChrVERSE 25. Now to him that is of Power to ſtabliſh you according to my Goſpell, and the preaching of 
    _ A PLAINE EXPOSITION VPON THE FIFTEENTH CHAPTER OF THE EPISTLE OF Saint PAVL to the Romanes.
VERSE 1. Let euery ſoule be ſubiect to the higher Powers:—IN the latter end of the twelfth Chapter hVERSE 1.—For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God.IN theſe words is VERSE 2. Whoſoeuer therefore reſiſteth the Power, reſiſteth the ordinance of God: and they that reſi
      * 4. For he is the Miniſter of God to thee for good.
VERSE 4. — But if thou doe that which is euill, be afraid: For he beareth not the ſword in vaine: FoVERSE 5. Wherefore yee muſt needs bee ſubiect, not onely for wrath, but alſo for conſcience.IN this VERSE 6. For, for this cauſe pay you tribute alſo: For they are Gods Miniſters attending continuallyVERSE 7. Render therefore to all their dues, tribute to whom tribute is due, cuſtome to whom cuſtomeVERSE 8. Owe no man any thing, but to loue one another.—IN this and the two next Verſes following, iVERSE 8.—For he that loueth another, hath fulfilled the Law.MAſter Caluin ſaith, That theſe words arVERSE. 9. For this, Thou ſhalt not commit adulterie, Thou ſhalt not kill, Thou ſhalt not ſteale, ThoVERSE 10. Loue worketh no ill to his neighbour: therefore is loue the fulfilling of the law.THis verVERSE 11. And that knowing the time, that now it is high time to awake out of ſleepe: for now is ourVERSE 12. The night is farre ſpent, the day is at hand: Let vs therefore caſt off the workes of darkVERSE 12. — Let vs therefore caſt off the workes of darkneſſe, and let vs put on the Armour of lightVERSE 13. Let vs walke honeſtly as in the day; not in rioting and drunkenneſſe, not in chambering anVERSE—Not in rioting and drunkenneſſe, not in chambering and wantonneſſe, not in ſtrife and enuying.VERSE 13. — Not in chambering and wantonneſſe. —THeſe are the ſecond paire of vices, contrary to temVERSE 13. — Nor in ſtrife and enuying.THis is the third paire: as the ſecond followeth the firſt as VERSE 14. But put yee on the Lord Ieſus Chriſt, and make not prouiſion for the fleſh, to fulfill theVERSE 14. — And make not prouiſion for the fleſh, to fulfill the luſts thereof.THe exhortation to puVERSE 1. Him that is weake in the faith, receiue you, but not to doubtfull disputations.HEre beginneVERSE. 2. For one beleeues he may eat of all things, another who is weake, eates hearbes.IN this verVERSE 3. Let not him that eateth, deſpiſe him that eateth not: and let not him which eateth not, iudVERSE. 3. — For God hath receiued him.IN theſe words, and in the next verſe, are two reaſons to perſVERSE 4. Who art thou that iudgeſt another mansſeruant?—IN this Verſe is the ſecond Reaſon, bred outVERSE 4.—To his owne Maſter he ſtandeth or falleth: yea, hee ſhall be holden vp, For God is able to VERSE. 5. One man eſteemeth one day aboue another; another eſteemeth euery day alike. Let euery man VERSE 6. Hee that regardeth a day, regardeth it vnto the Lord; and hee that regardeth not the day toVERSE 7. For none of vs liueth to himſelfe, and no man dyeth to himſelfe.THis verſe hath another ReaVERSE 8. For whether wee liue, we liue vnto the Lord; or whether we dye, wee dye vnto the Lord: whetVERSE 9. For to this end, Chriſt both died, and roſe, and reuiued, that he might be Lord both of theVERSE 10. But why doeſt thou iudge thy brother? or why doeſt thou ſet at nought thy brother? we ſhalVERSE 11. For it is written: As I liue ſaith the Lord, euery knee ſhall bow to me, and euery tongue VERSE 12. So then euery one of vs ſhall giue account of himſelfe to God.IN this verſe is ſet downe tVERSE 13. Let vs not therefore iudge one another any more: but iudge this rather, that no man put a VERSE 13. — But iudge this rather, that no man put a ſtumbling blocke, or an occaſion to fall, in hiVERSE 14. I know and am perſwaded by the Lord Ieſus, that there is nothing vncleane of it ſelfe: butVERSE 15. But of thy brother be grieued with thy meat, now walk•ſt thou not charitably: Deſtroy not VERSE 15. — Deſtroy not him with thy meat, for whom Chriſt dyed.THe Apoſtle here proues by another AVERSE. 16. Let not then your good be euill ſpoken of.IN this Verſe is another Argument to diſſwade fVERSE 17. For the Kingdome of God, is not meat and drink, but righteouſneſſe, and peace, and ioy in VERSE. 18. For he that in theſe things ſerueth Christ, is acceptable to God, and approued of men.PAVVERSE 19. Let vs therefore follow after the things which make for peace, and things wherewith one maVERSE 20. For meat deſtroy not the worke of God: —HEre is a new argument againſt ſcandall; I call itVERSE 20. —All things indeed are pure, but it is euill for that man which eateth with offence.21. ItVERSE 22. Haſt thou faith? Haue it to thy ſelfe before God. —THe ſecond obiection of the ſtrong is tVERSE 22. — Happy is he which condemneth not himſelfe in that thing which he alloweth.IN theſe wordsVERSE. 23. And hee that doubteth, is damned if hee eate, becauſe he eateth not of faith: For whatſoeVERSE 1. Wee then that are ſtrong, ought to beare the infirmities of the weake, and not to pleaſe ouVERSE 2. Let euery one of vs pleaſe his neighbour for his good to edification.IN this Verſe is a ReaVERSE 3. For euen Chriſt pleaſed not himſelfe, but, as it is written, The reproaches of them which rVERSE 4. For whatſoeuer things were written aforetime, were written for our learning, that we througVERSE 5. Now the God of patience and conſolating grant you to be like minded one towards another, acVERSE 7. Wherefore receiue yee one another, as Chriſt alſo receiued vs to the glory of God.IN this VVERSE 8. Now I ſay that Ieſus Chriſt was a Miniſter of the Circumciſion, for the truth of God, to coVERSE. 9. And that the Gentiles might glorifie God for his mercy, as it is written, For this cauſe IVERSE 13. Now the God of Hope, fill you with all ioy and peace in beleeuing, that yee may abound in VERSE 14. And I myſelfe alſo am perſwaded of you my brethren, that yee alſo are full of goodneſſe, fVERSE 15. Neuertheleſſe, Brethren, I haue written the more boldy vnto you, in ſome ſort, as puting yVERSE 16. That I ſhould be the Miniſter of Ieſus Chriſt to the Gentiles, miniſtring the Goſpell of GVERSE 17. I haue therefore whereof I may glory through Ieſus Christ, in thoſe things which pertaine VERSE 18. — By word, and deed,19. Through mightie ſignes and wonders, by the power of the Spirit of VERSE 19. — So that from Hieruſalem, and round about vnto Illyricum, I haue ſully preached the GoſpeVERSE 22. For which cauſe alſo I haue beene much hindred from comming to you.23. But now hauing no mVERSE 25. But now I goe vnto Hieruſalem to minister vnto the Saints.26. For it hath pleaſed them of VERSE 28. When therefore I haue performed this, and haue ſealed to them this fruit, I will come by yVERSE 30. Now I beſeech you brethren, for the Lord Ieſus Chriſt his ſake, and for the loue of the SpVERSE 1. I commend vnto you Phoebe our ſiſter, which is a ſeruant of the Church which is at CenchreaVERSE 3. Greet Priſcilla and Aquila, my helpers in Chriſt Ieſus.4. (Who haue for my life layd downe VERSE 5. Likewiſe greet the Church which is in their houſe.—SAint Paul ſalutes the houſhold of AquilVERSE 5.—Salute my welbeloued Epenetus, who is the firſt fruits of Achaia vnto Chriſt.EPenetus is heVERSE 6. Greet Mary who beſtowed much labour on vs.MARY here ſaluted, is deſcribed two wayes: firſt VERSE 7. Salute Andronicus and Iunia my kinſmen, and my fellow priſoners, who are of note among the VERSE 8. Greet Amplias my beloued in the Lord.AMplias his commendation is, that hee is beloued of PaVERSE 9. Salute Vrban our helper in Chriſt, and Stachys my beloued.OVr helper in Chriſt, that is, inVERSE 10. Salute Apelles approued in Chriſt. Salute them them which are of Ariſtobulus houſhold.THerVERSE 11. Salute Herodian my kinſman. Greet them which bee of the houſe of Narciſſus, which are in tVERSE 12. Salute Tryphena, and Tryphoſa, who labour in the Lord. Salute the bel•ued Perſis, which laVERSE. 13. Salute Rufus choſen in the Lord, and his mother and mine.CHoſen in the Lord: that is, a cVERSE 14. Salute Aſyncritus, Phlegon, Hermas, Patrobas, Hermes, and the brethren which are with themVERSE 16. Salute one another with an holy kiſſe.—PAul concludeth his owne ſalutations with this precVERSE 16. — The Churches of Chriſt ſalute you.21. Timotheus my worke-fellow, and Lucius, and Iaſon, VERSE 17. Now I beſeech you Brethren, marke them which cauſe diuiſions and offences, contrary to theVERSE 18. For they that are ſuch, ſerue not our Lord Ieſus Christ, but their owne belly, and by goodVERSE 19. For your obedience is come abroad vnto all men: I am glad therefore on your behalfe; but yVERSE 20. And the God of peace ſhall bruiſe Satan vnder your feet ſhortly: The Grace of our Lord IeſVERSE 20. —The grace of our Lord Ieſus Chriſt bee with you, Amen.24. The grace of our Lord Ieſus ChrVERSE 25. Now to him that is of Power to ſtabliſh you according to my Goſpell, and the preaching of 
    _ A PLAINE EXPOSITION VPON THE SIXTEENTH CHAPTER OF THE EPISTLE OF Saint PAVL to the Romanes.
VERSE 1. Let euery ſoule be ſubiect to the higher Powers:—IN the latter end of the twelfth Chapter hVERSE 1.—For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God.IN theſe words is VERSE 2. Whoſoeuer therefore reſiſteth the Power, reſiſteth the ordinance of God: and they that reſi
      * 4. For he is the Miniſter of God to thee for good.
VERSE 4. — But if thou doe that which is euill, be afraid: For he beareth not the ſword in vaine: FoVERSE 5. Wherefore yee muſt needs bee ſubiect, not onely for wrath, but alſo for conſcience.IN this VERSE 6. For, for this cauſe pay you tribute alſo: For they are Gods Miniſters attending continuallyVERSE 7. Render therefore to all their dues, tribute to whom tribute is due, cuſtome to whom cuſtomeVERSE 8. Owe no man any thing, but to loue one another.—IN this and the two next Verſes following, iVERSE 8.—For he that loueth another, hath fulfilled the Law.MAſter Caluin ſaith, That theſe words arVERSE. 9. For this, Thou ſhalt not commit adulterie, Thou ſhalt not kill, Thou ſhalt not ſteale, ThoVERSE 10. Loue worketh no ill to his neighbour: therefore is loue the fulfilling of the law.THis verVERSE 11. And that knowing the time, that now it is high time to awake out of ſleepe: for now is ourVERSE 12. The night is farre ſpent, the day is at hand: Let vs therefore caſt off the workes of darkVERSE 12. — Let vs therefore caſt off the workes of darkneſſe, and let vs put on the Armour of lightVERSE 13. Let vs walke honeſtly as in the day; not in rioting and drunkenneſſe, not in chambering anVERSE—Not in rioting and drunkenneſſe, not in chambering and wantonneſſe, not in ſtrife and enuying.VERSE 13. — Not in chambering and wantonneſſe. —THeſe are the ſecond paire of vices, contrary to temVERSE 13. — Nor in ſtrife and enuying.THis is the third paire: as the ſecond followeth the firſt as VERSE 14. But put yee on the Lord Ieſus Chriſt, and make not prouiſion for the fleſh, to fulfill theVERSE 14. — And make not prouiſion for the fleſh, to fulfill the luſts thereof.THe exhortation to puVERSE 1. Him that is weake in the faith, receiue you, but not to doubtfull disputations.HEre beginneVERSE. 2. For one beleeues he may eat of all things, another who is weake, eates hearbes.IN this verVERSE 3. Let not him that eateth, deſpiſe him that eateth not: and let not him which eateth not, iudVERSE. 3. — For God hath receiued him.IN theſe words, and in the next verſe, are two reaſons to perſVERSE 4. Who art thou that iudgeſt another mansſeruant?—IN this Verſe is the ſecond Reaſon, bred outVERSE 4.—To his owne Maſter he ſtandeth or falleth: yea, hee ſhall be holden vp, For God is able to VERSE. 5. One man eſteemeth one day aboue another; another eſteemeth euery day alike. Let euery man VERSE 6. Hee that regardeth a day, regardeth it vnto the Lord; and hee that regardeth not the day toVERSE 7. For none of vs liueth to himſelfe, and no man dyeth to himſelfe.THis verſe hath another ReaVERSE 8. For whether wee liue, we liue vnto the Lord; or whether we dye, wee dye vnto the Lord: whetVERSE 9. For to this end, Chriſt both died, and roſe, and reuiued, that he might be Lord both of theVERSE 10. But why doeſt thou iudge thy brother? or why doeſt thou ſet at nought thy brother? we ſhalVERSE 11. For it is written: As I liue ſaith the Lord, euery knee ſhall bow to me, and euery tongue VERSE 12. So then euery one of vs ſhall giue account of himſelfe to God.IN this verſe is ſet downe tVERSE 13. Let vs not therefore iudge one another any more: but iudge this rather, that no man put a VERSE 13. — But iudge this rather, that no man put a ſtumbling blocke, or an occaſion to fall, in hiVERSE 14. I know and am perſwaded by the Lord Ieſus, that there is nothing vncleane of it ſelfe: butVERSE 15. But of thy brother be grieued with thy meat, now walk•ſt thou not charitably: Deſtroy not VERSE 15. — Deſtroy not him with thy meat, for whom Chriſt dyed.THe Apoſtle here proues by another AVERSE. 16. Let not then your good be euill ſpoken of.IN this Verſe is another Argument to diſſwade fVERSE 17. For the Kingdome of God, is not meat and drink, but righteouſneſſe, and peace, and ioy in VERSE. 18. For he that in theſe things ſerueth Christ, is acceptable to God, and approued of men.PAVVERSE 19. Let vs therefore follow after the things which make for peace, and things wherewith one maVERSE 20. For meat deſtroy not the worke of God: —HEre is a new argument againſt ſcandall; I call itVERSE 20. —All things indeed are pure, but it is euill for that man which eateth with offence.21. ItVERSE 22. Haſt thou faith? Haue it to thy ſelfe before God. —THe ſecond obiection of the ſtrong is tVERSE 22. — Happy is he which condemneth not himſelfe in that thing which he alloweth.IN theſe wordsVERSE. 23. And hee that doubteth, is damned if hee eate, becauſe he eateth not of faith: For whatſoeVERSE 1. Wee then that are ſtrong, ought to beare the infirmities of the weake, and not to pleaſe ouVERSE 2. Let euery one of vs pleaſe his neighbour for his good to edification.IN this Verſe is a ReaVERSE 3. For euen Chriſt pleaſed not himſelfe, but, as it is written, The reproaches of them which rVERSE 4. For whatſoeuer things were written aforetime, were written for our learning, that we througVERSE 5. Now the God of patience and conſolating grant you to be like minded one towards another, acVERSE 7. Wherefore receiue yee one another, as Chriſt alſo receiued vs to the glory of God.IN this VVERSE 8. Now I ſay that Ieſus Chriſt was a Miniſter of the Circumciſion, for the truth of God, to coVERSE. 9. And that the Gentiles might glorifie God for his mercy, as it is written, For this cauſe IVERSE 13. Now the God of Hope, fill you with all ioy and peace in beleeuing, that yee may abound in VERSE 14. And I myſelfe alſo am perſwaded of you my brethren, that yee alſo are full of goodneſſe, fVERSE 15. Neuertheleſſe, Brethren, I haue written the more boldy vnto you, in ſome ſort, as puting yVERSE 16. That I ſhould be the Miniſter of Ieſus Chriſt to the Gentiles, miniſtring the Goſpell of GVERSE 17. I haue therefore whereof I may glory through Ieſus Christ, in thoſe things which pertaine VERSE 18. — By word, and deed,19. Through mightie ſignes and wonders, by the power of the Spirit of VERSE 19. — So that from Hieruſalem, and round about vnto Illyricum, I haue ſully preached the GoſpeVERSE 22. For which cauſe alſo I haue beene much hindred from comming to you.23. But now hauing no mVERSE 25. But now I goe vnto Hieruſalem to minister vnto the Saints.26. For it hath pleaſed them of VERSE 28. When therefore I haue performed this, and haue ſealed to them this fruit, I will come by yVERSE 30. Now I beſeech you brethren, for the Lord Ieſus Chriſt his ſake, and for the loue of the SpVERSE 1. I commend vnto you Phoebe our ſiſter, which is a ſeruant of the Church which is at CenchreaVERSE 3. Greet Priſcilla and Aquila, my helpers in Chriſt Ieſus.4. (Who haue for my life layd downe VERSE 5. Likewiſe greet the Church which is in their houſe.—SAint Paul ſalutes the houſhold of AquilVERSE 5.—Salute my welbeloued Epenetus, who is the firſt fruits of Achaia vnto Chriſt.EPenetus is heVERSE 6. Greet Mary who beſtowed much labour on vs.MARY here ſaluted, is deſcribed two wayes: firſt VERSE 7. Salute Andronicus and Iunia my kinſmen, and my fellow priſoners, who are of note among the VERSE 8. Greet Amplias my beloued in the Lord.AMplias his commendation is, that hee is beloued of PaVERSE 9. Salute Vrban our helper in Chriſt, and Stachys my beloued.OVr helper in Chriſt, that is, inVERSE 10. Salute Apelles approued in Chriſt. Salute them them which are of Ariſtobulus houſhold.THerVERSE 11. Salute Herodian my kinſman. Greet them which bee of the houſe of Narciſſus, which are in tVERSE 12. Salute Tryphena, and Tryphoſa, who labour in the Lord. Salute the bel•ued Perſis, which laVERSE. 13. Salute Rufus choſen in the Lord, and his mother and mine.CHoſen in the Lord: that is, a cVERSE 14. Salute Aſyncritus, Phlegon, Hermas, Patrobas, Hermes, and the brethren which are with themVERSE 16. Salute one another with an holy kiſſe.—PAul concludeth his owne ſalutations with this precVERSE 16. — The Churches of Chriſt ſalute you.21. Timotheus my worke-fellow, and Lucius, and Iaſon, VERSE 17. Now I beſeech you Brethren, marke them which cauſe diuiſions and offences, contrary to theVERSE 18. For they that are ſuch, ſerue not our Lord Ieſus Christ, but their owne belly, and by goodVERSE 19. For your obedience is come abroad vnto all men: I am glad therefore on your behalfe; but yVERSE 20. And the God of peace ſhall bruiſe Satan vnder your feet ſhortly: The Grace of our Lord IeſVERSE 20. —The grace of our Lord Ieſus Chriſt bee with you, Amen.24. The grace of our Lord Ieſus ChrVERSE 25. Now to him that is of Power to ſtabliſh you according to my Goſpell, and the preaching of 
**Types of content**

  * There are 59 **verse** lines!
  * Oh, Mr. Jourdain, there is **prose** in there!

There are 256 **omitted** fragments! 
 @__reason__ (256) : illegible (105), foreign (149), duplicate (2)  •  @__resp__ (105) : #KEYERS (95), #MURP (10)  •  @__extent__ (107) : 1 letter (76), 2 letters (13), 1 word (9), 4 letters (1), 3 letters (3), 5 letters (1), 1 page (2), 1 span (2)

**Character listing**


|Text|string(s)|codepoint(s)|
|---|---|---|
|Latin-1 Supplement| àèâòù|160 224 232 226 242 249|
|Latin Extended-A|ſ|383|
|Latin Extended-B|Ʋ|434|
|Combining             Diacritical Marks|̄|772|
|General Punctuation|•—…|8226 8212 8230|
|Geometric Shapes|◊▪|9674 9642|
|CJKSymbolsandPunctuation|〈〉|12296 12297|

##Tag Usage Summary##

###Header Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__author__|2||
|2.|__availability__|1||
|3.|__biblFull__|1||
|4.|__change__|5||
|5.|__date__|8| @__when__ (1) : 2014-11 (1)|
|6.|__edition__|1||
|7.|__editionStmt__|1||
|8.|__editorialDecl__|1||
|9.|__encodingDesc__|1||
|10.|__extent__|2||
|11.|__fileDesc__|1||
|12.|__idno__|6| @__type__ (6) : DLPS (1), STC (2), EEBO-CITATION (1), PROQUEST (1), VID (1)|
|13.|__keywords__|1| @__scheme__ (1) : http://authorities.loc.gov/ (1)|
|14.|__label__|5||
|15.|__langUsage__|1||
|16.|__language__|1| @__ident__ (1) : eng (1)|
|17.|__listPrefixDef__|1||
|18.|__note__|6||
|19.|__notesStmt__|2||
|20.|__p__|11||
|21.|__prefixDef__|2| @__ident__ (2) : tcp (1), char (1)  •  @__matchPattern__ (2) : ([0-9\-]+):([0-9IVX]+) (1), (.+) (1)  •  @__replacementPattern__ (2) : http://eebo.chadwyck.com/downloadtiff?vid=$1&page=$2 (1), https://raw.githubusercontent.com/textcreationpartnership/Texts/master/tcpchars.xml#$1 (1)|
|22.|__profileDesc__|1||
|23.|__projectDesc__|1||
|24.|__pubPlace__|2||
|25.|__publicationStmt__|2||
|26.|__publisher__|2||
|27.|__ref__|1| @__target__ (1) : http://www.textcreationpartnership.org/docs/. (1)|
|28.|__revisionDesc__|1||
|29.|__seriesStmt__|1||
|30.|__sourceDesc__|1||
|31.|__term__|1||
|32.|__textClass__|1||
|33.|__title__|3||
|34.|__titleStmt__|2||


###Text Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__am__|18||
|2.|__bibl__|2||
|3.|__body__|1||
|4.|__cell__|32| @__role__ (4) : label (4)|
|5.|__closer__|4||
|6.|__desc__|256||
|7.|__div__|102| @__type__ (102) : title_page (1), dedications (1), dedication (2), to_the_reader (1), index (1), Scriptural_citations (1), table_of_contents (1), exposition_of_Romans (1), chapter (4), verse (89)  •  @__n__ (88) : 1 (4), 2 (3), 3 (4), 4 (5), 5 (4), 6 (3), 7 (4), 8 (5), 9 (3), 10 (3), 11 (3), 12 (4), 13 (7), 14 (3), 14-15 (2), 15 (3), 16 (3), 17 (2), 18 (2), 19 (2), 20 (2), 20-21 (1), 22 (2), 23 (1), 5-6 (1), 9-12 (1), 17-18 (1), 18-19 (1), 19-21 (1), 22-24 (1), 25-27 (2), 28-29 (1), 30-33 (1), 1-2 (1), 16, 21-23 (1), 20, 24 (1)|
|8.|__epigraph__|90||
|9.|__ex__|18||
|10.|__expan__|18||
|11.|__front__|1||
|12.|__g__|2357| @__ref__ (2357) : char:EOLhyphen (2303), char:abque (18), char:cmbAbbrStroke (12), char:V (23), char:punc (1)|
|13.|__gap__|256| @__reason__ (256) : illegible (105), foreign (149), duplicate (2)  •  @__resp__ (105) : #KEYERS (95), #MURP (10)  •  @__extent__ (107) : 1 letter (76), 2 letters (13), 1 word (9), 4 letters (1), 3 letters (3), 5 letters (1), 1 page (2), 1 span (2)|
|14.|__head__|35| @__type__ (1) : sub (1)|
|15.|__hi__|11936| @__rend__ (2) : sup (2)|
|16.|__item__|252||
|17.|__l__|59||
|18.|__label__|441| @__type__ (441) : milestone (441)|
|19.|__lb__|27||
|20.|__list__|32||
|21.|__note__|680| @__n__ (81) : a (11), b (10), c (10), d (7), e (7), f (7), g (4), h (3), i (3), k (3), l (3), m (3), n (3), o (2), * (5)  •  @__place__ (680) : margin (680)|
|22.|__opener__|2||
|23.|__p__|3019| @__n__ (235) : 1 (69), 2 (70), 3 (57), 4 (22), 5 (13), 6 (4)|
|24.|__pb__|369| @__facs__ (369) : tcp:177751:1 (1), tcp:177751:2 (3), tcp:177751:3 (3), tcp:177751:4 (2), tcp:177751:5 (2), tcp:177751:6 (2), tcp:177751:7 (2), tcp:177751:8 (2), tcp:177751:9 (2), tcp:177751:10 (2), tcp:177751:11 (2), tcp:177751:12 (2), tcp:177751:13 (2), tcp:177751:14 (2), tcp:177751:15 (2), tcp:177751:16 (2), tcp:177751:17 (2), tcp:177751:18 (2), tcp:177751:19 (2), tcp:177751:20 (2), tcp:177751:21 (2), tcp:177751:22 (2), tcp:177751:23 (2), tcp:177751:24 (2), tcp:177751:25 (2), tcp:177751:26 (2), tcp:177751:27 (2), tcp:177751:28 (2), tcp:177751:29 (2), tcp:177751:30 (2), tcp:177751:31 (2), tcp:177751:32 (2), tcp:177751:33 (2), tcp:177751:34 (2), tcp:177751:35 (2), tcp:177751:36 (2), tcp:177751:37 (2), tcp:177751:38 (2), tcp:177751:39 (2), tcp:177751:40 (2), tcp:177751:41 (2), tcp:177751:42 (2), tcp:177751:43 (2), tcp:177751:44 (2), tcp:177751:45 (2), tcp:177751:46 (2), tcp:177751:47 (2), tcp:177751:48 (2), tcp:177751:49 (2), tcp:177751:50 (2), tcp:177751:51 (2), tcp:177751:52 (2), tcp:177751:53 (2), tcp:177751:54 (2), tcp:177751:55 (2), tcp:177751:56 (2), tcp:177751:57 (2), tcp:177751:58 (2), tcp:177751:59 (2), tcp:177751:60 (2), tcp:177751:61 (2), tcp:177751:62 (2), tcp:177751:63 (2), tcp:177751:64 (2), tcp:177751:65 (2), tcp:177751:66 (2), tcp:177751:67 (2), tcp:177751:68 (2), tcp:177751:69 (2), tcp:177751:70 (2), tcp:177751:71 (2), tcp:177751:72 (2), tcp:177751:73 (2), tcp:177751:74 (2), tcp:177751:75 (2), tcp:177751:76 (2), tcp:177751:77 (2), tcp:177751:78 (2), tcp:177751:79 (2), tcp:177751:80 (2), tcp:177751:81 (2), tcp:177751:82 (2), tcp:177751:83 (2), tcp:177751:84 (2), tcp:177751:85 (2), tcp:177751:86 (2), tcp:177751:87 (2), tcp:177751:88 (2), tcp:177751:89 (2), tcp:177751:90 (2), tcp:177751:91 (2), tcp:177751:92 (2), tcp:177751:93 (2), tcp:177751:94 (2), tcp:177751:95 (2), tcp:177751:96 (2), tcp:177751:97 (2), tcp:177751:98 (2), tcp:177751:99 (2), tcp:177751:100 (2), tcp:177751:101 (2), tcp:177751:102 (2), tcp:177751:103 (2), tcp:177751:104 (2), tcp:177751:105 (2), tcp:177751:106 (2), tcp:177751:107 (2), tcp:177751:108 (2), tcp:177751:109 (2), tcp:177751:110 (2), tcp:177751:111 (2), tcp:177751:112 (2), tcp:177751:113 (2), tcp:177751:114 (2), tcp:177751:115 (2), tcp:177751:116 (2), tcp:177751:117 (2), tcp:177751:118 (2), tcp:177751:119 (2), tcp:177751:120 (2), tcp:177751:121 (2), tcp:177751:122 (2), tcp:177751:123 (2), tcp:177751:124 (2), tcp:177751:125 (2), tcp:177751:126 (2), tcp:177751:127 (2), tcp:177751:128 (2), tcp:177751:129 (2), tcp:177751:130 (2), tcp:177751:131 (2), tcp:177751:132 (2), tcp:177751:133 (2), tcp:177751:134 (2), tcp:177751:135 (2), tcp:177751:136 (2), tcp:177751:137 (2), tcp:177751:138 (2), tcp:177751:139 (2), tcp:177751:140 (2), tcp:177751:141 (2), tcp:177751:142 (2), tcp:177751:143 (2), tcp:177751:144 (2), tcp:177751:145 (2), tcp:177751:146 (2), tcp:177751:147 (2), tcp:177751:148 (2), tcp:177751:149 (2), tcp:177751:150 (2), tcp:177751:151 (2), tcp:177751:152 (2), tcp:177751:153 (2), tcp:177751:154 (2), tcp:177751:155 (2), tcp:177751:156 (2), tcp:177751:157 (2), tcp:177751:158 (2), tcp:177751:159 (2), tcp:177751:160 (2), tcp:177751:161 (2), tcp:177751:162 (2), tcp:177751:163 (2), tcp:177751:164 (2), tcp:177751:165 (2), tcp:177751:166 (2), tcp:177751:167 (2), tcp:177751:168 (2), tcp:177751:169 (2), tcp:177751:170 (2), tcp:177751:171 (2), tcp:177751:172 (2), tcp:177751:173 (2), tcp:177751:174 (2), tcp:177751:175 (2), tcp:177751:176 (2), tcp:177751:177 (2), tcp:177751:178 (2), tcp:177751:179 (2), tcp:177751:180 (2), tcp:177751:181 (2), tcp:177751:182 (2), tcp:177751:183 (2), tcp:177751:184 (2)  •  @__n__ (350) : 1 (1), 2 (1), 3 (1), 4 (1), 5 (1), 6 (1), 7 (1), 8 (1), 9 (1), 10 (1), 11 (1), 12 (1), 13 (1), 14 (1), 15 (1), 16 (1), 17 (1), 18 (1), 19 (1), 20 (1), 21 (1), 22 (1), 23 (1), 24 (1), 25 (1), 26 (1), 27 (1), 28 (1), 29 (1), 30 (1), 31 (1), 32 (1), 33 (1), 34 (1), 35 (1), 36 (1), 37 (1), 38 (1), 39 (1), 40 (1), 41 (1), 42 (1), 43 (1), 44 (1), 45 (1), 46 (1), 47 (1), 48 (1), 49 (1), 50 (1), 51 (1), 52 (1), 53 (1), 54 (1), 55 (1), 56 (1), 57 (1), 58 (1), 59 (1), 60 (1), 61 (1), 62 (1), 63 (1), 64 (1), 65 (1), 66 (1), 67 (1), 68 (1), 69 (1), 70 (1), 71 (1), 72 (1), 73 (1), 74 (1), 75 (1), 76 (1), 77 (1), 78 (1), 79 (1), 80 (1), 81 (1), 82 (1), 83 (1), 84 (1), 85 (1), 86 (1), 87 (1), 88 (1), 89 (1), 90 (1), 91 (1), 92 (1), 93 (1), 94 (1), 95 (1), 96 (1), 97 (1), 98 (1), 99 (1), 100 (1), 101 (1), 102 (1), 103 (1), 104 (1), 105 (1), 106 (1), 107 (1), 108 (1), 109 (1), 110 (1), 111 (1), 112 (1), 113 (1), 114 (1), 115 (1), 116 (1), 117 (1), 118 (1), 119 (1), 120 (1), 121 (1), 122 (1), 123 (1), 124 (1), 125 (1), 126 (1), 127 (1), 128 (1), 129 (1), 130 (1), 131 (1), 132 (1), 133 (1), 134 (1), 135 (1), 136 (1), 137 (1), 138 (1), 139 (1), 140 (1), 141 (1), 142 (1), 143 (1), 144 (1), 145 (1), 146 (1), 147 (1), 148 (1), 149 (1), 150 (1), 151 (1), 152 (1), 153 (1), 154 (1), 155 (1), 156 (1), 157 (1), 158 (1), 159 (1), 160 (1), 161 (1), 162 (1), 163 (1), 164 (1), 165 (1), 166 (1), 167 (1), 168 (1), 169 (1), 170 (1), 171 (1), 172 (1), 173 (1), 174 (1), 175 (1), 176 (1), 177 (1), 178 (1), 179 (1), 180 (1), 181 (1), 182 (1), 183 (1), 184 (1), 185 (1), 186 (2), 187 (1), 188 (1), 190 (1), 191 (1), 192 (1), 193 (1), 194 (1), 195 (1), 196 (1), 197 (1), 198 (1), 199 (1), 200 (1), 201 (1), 202 (1), 203 (3), 204 (1), 205 (1), 206 (1), 207 (1), 208 (1), 209 (1), 210 (1), 211 (1), 212 (1), 213 (1), 214 (1), 215 (1), 216 (1), 217 (1), 218 (1), 219 (1), 220 (1), 221 (1), 222 (1), 223 (1), 224 (1), 225 (1), 226 (1), 227 (1), 228 (1), 229 (1), 230 (1), 231 (1), 233 (1), 234 (1), 235 (1), 236 (1), 240 (1), 238 (1), 239 (1), 237 (1), 241 (1), 242 (1), 243 (1), 244 (1), 245 (1), 246 (1), 247 (1), 248 (1), 249 (1), 250 (1), 251 (1), 252 (1), 253 (1), 254 (1), 255 (1), 256 (1), 257 (1), 258 (1), 259 (1), 260 (1), 261 (1), 262 (1), 263 (1), 264 (1), 265 (1), 266 (1), 267 (1), 268 (1), 269 (1), 270 (1), 271 (1), 272 (1), 273 (1), 274 (1), 275 (1), 276 (1), 277 (1), 278 (1), 279 (1), 280 (1), 281 (1), 282 (1), 283 (1), 284 (1), 285 (1), 286 (1), 287 (1), 288 (2), 289 (1), 290 (1), 291 (1), 292 (1), 293 (1), 294 (1), 295 (1), 296 (1), 297 (1), 298 (1), 300 (1), 301 (1), 302 (2), 304 (1), 305 (1), 306 (1), 307 (1), 308 (1), 309 (1), 310 (1), 311 (1), 312 (1), 313 (1), 314 (1), 315 (1), 316 (1), 317 (1), 318 (1), 319 (1), 320 (1), 321 (1), 322 (1), 323 (1), 324 (1), 325 (1), 326 (1), 327 (1), 328 (1), 329 (1), 330 (1), 331 (1), 332 (1), 333 (1), 334 (1), 335 (1), 336 (1), 337 (1), 338 (1), 339 (1), 340 (1), 341 (1), 342 (1), 343 (1), 344 (1), 345 (1), 346 (1), 347 (1), 348 (1), 349 (1)  •  @__rendition__ (6) : simple:additions (6)|
|25.|__q__|121||
|26.|__row__|8||
|27.|__salute__|2||
|28.|__seg__|448| @__rend__ (7) : decorInit (7)  •  @__type__ (441) : milestoneunit (441)|
|29.|__signed__|3||
|30.|__table__|1||
|31.|__trailer__|1||
